Fix minor issues in README (#410)
android/nowinandroid: README.md

for developers. As a running app, it's intended to help developers keep up-to-date with the world
of Android development by providing regular news updates.

> The app is currently in early stages of development and is available for early access on the Play Store.

Reviewer: Thanks for spotting this. 

```suggestion
The app is currently in development. The `demoRelease` variant is [available on the Play Store in open beta](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.samples.apps.nowinandroid).
```
